there was something strange about
Chinese god I knew it long before I
married him you could put your finger on
yet you're always conscious on conscious
of something vague Restless frightening
it was our first meeting on the hilltop
well what do you think of the deal kill
you
nothing that's America justify said the
violent self-defense
it's so easy to think I knew Johnny
Lofton is desperately as I loved him yet
I remember now that even his
reassurances seemed oh no sinister I
want nothing but to spend the rest of my
life with you and if you were to die
first time I wouldn't hide first
that moment on my life was filled with
fear thought of Johnny I loved him too
much to really be afraid but the fear of
not knowing the agony of waiting
wondering how it would happen awaking in
the middle of the night shaking with
terror and finding myself praying that
whatever it was it would be done quicker
than with mercy these are the facts the
evidence before the crime I wanted you
to know in case I met a violent
you